In the last lecture we add a method to store our places on the local storage and to function.
Now I want to be able to delete places now deleting places actually in a couple of things because we
also need to delete the file the image file in this step right.
Because otherwise you would delete the data from the storage.
But the image is still lying around in our system so we need to do both remove the data from the storage
and remove the image.
So for this we're going to need to import the file package again from ionic native because this again
is which gives us access to our files and we need that access.
So here in the lead place I now want to start with removing the image.
Well first of all splicing the place here from the array is always a good thing to do because it's desirée
which I'm using in the app to display a list and so on.
So we definitely have to update the array too.
But then I also want to remove this element from our storage in order to do so.
I will simply access to storage and set the places he said will always overwrite the old value and that
is what I do.
What I want.
I'll overwrite it with the update replaces array.
So first remove the element from the place array and then I overwrite the data in the storage.
This is how you update the storage.
Well then here indeed then call back I'll take care about the image in the error code there.
Of course don't want to update the image here.
I'll stick to logging the error to the console for now.
But indeed then block here here.
We also want to remove the image.
So in this method in this area it just erro method which we're executing and the then block I somehow
need access to my image and I need to remove it all outsourced isn't a separate method though of course
we could leave it in the same method but just to make it easier to read I'll The new method remove file
for the place passed as an argument.
And in this method of first of all fetch the file name and store it here.
Current name.
Well we're already doing this in the at least typescript file.
So let's simply copy this regular expression here or this whole expression where we fetched a file name
and edit your service down there we'll try to get the file name though not on image data but instead
on the image you are saved on our place here.
So if that I get it getting the file name of the file that want to delete and then it does because the
directory will again be this directory access.
Rudy Cordova helper variable I can now use remove file to remove a file and again the directory is stored
in core to the file data directory because remember this was the directory We used an app place to store
it there.
So this gives us access to our file storage.
Of course as in the at least typescript file we need to declare these chord of variables Sodor types
knows that it will be available so declare it here.
At the top and with that declared we can now access this path.
And we know the file name we're retrieving it with the regular expression.
Now we're trying to remove this and if we're successful Well then there's nothing else for us to do
we could lock this to the console maybe or show a toast or anything like this console lock removed file
for debugging reasons here doesn't do anything else.
More importantly the catch block if something goes wrong in this case.
Well we also can show an error message and note you could extract the error here as an argument or just
needed.
So we could extract the error message and I'm going to say cancel lock error while removing file again
for debugging reasons.
But more importantly we need to run at place again and re-aired displaced to our array because removing
it was not successful.
Removing the file was not successful.
So we should add this place to our array again and as we call at place this will also added to our storage
again.
So those just some well implementation to make this robust so that if defiler removing fails we're not
deleting it from storage because we re added so a lot of talking about this with this we get this help
or Meffert know back into place Meffert if we successfully overload or storage and therefore we save
the fact that this is no longer included displays here I know want to call remove file and here we need
to pass the place.
So we should retrieve the place before deleting it stored in a new constant does laces at this index.
Of course we have to do this before splicing it because it's gone thereafter.
So this gives us this place we passed as the argument here.
Now for this all to work correctly though we now need to go to the module and add something very important
here in the providers.
We need to add storage like this and also make sure to import storage from at Iyonix storage to at is
import here too.
This is super important if you forget this it won't run because remember storage is something we inject.
So we also need to provide it with this read.
Let's run it on our device and see if it works the way it should work.
So it is just the device or the application running on device that's now trying to add does this display
again we use before let's select that on the map as always like here.
Open the camera and take a slightly different picture to mix things up like this.
And let's now at this photo let's go back.
This looks good on viewing it in the motile looks good too.
I can leave it now let's kill the application and see if this works if I reload the application here.
Well somehow it shows that if I then navigate somewhere else and come back but it doesn't loaded right
at the beginning and this is probably due to the fact that fetching this from storage takes longer than
the start of this page takes.
But if we now open this and delete this you see at least it seems to be working it seems like the file
was saved correctly and so on.
So now if I open this again or deleted this it should be deleted from storage too.
So now if I go to an repeating come back it's missing here too.
So it's generally working but we're not loading it early enough so let's fix this.
And with that we should have a working application.